Before I, before we start, I just want to read you something from from the Bible. with the question in mind, why is this this breaking news good news? And I'm going to be reading from Philippians two,
And it says this.
Adopt the same attitude as that of Christ Jesus, who, existing in the form of God, did not consider equality with God as something to be exploited. Instead, he
Instead, he emptied himself by assuming the form of a servant, taking on the likeness of humanity. And when he had come as a man, he humbled himself by becoming obedient to
To the point of death, even to death on a cross.
So I want to use a bit of a story to help illustrate why this is such good news and I for some of you most of you know by this point I'm a huge Oilers fan and since they've been doing well
doing well this year. I'm like, everybody's starting to show up. Like, I didn't know there were so many Euler fans in Calgary, and all of a sudden they're doing well, and everybody's like, yeah, me too. And then they're just band
bandwagon jumpers. But I remember where I was when we won the, I didn't have nothing to do with this, but when they won the draft lottery, Connor McDavid was the guy that year that was 2017.
I mean, I think it was a year that was supposed to come in and turn everything around and there was so much hype surrounding this entire, this guy who's supposed to come and transform this team and
Why because we were excited that maybe now maybe now the Oilers are gonna make it back to the championship and spoiler alert that still hasn't happened yet but stay
But stay tuned. But we have had such a fun time watching this guy do these amazing feats of athleticism and watching him do these things that I've
I've never seen anybody do before but here's the thing if Connor McDavid's on the Oilers for however long and they don't win a championship why was he on the team in the first
In the first place.
what's the point?
So if we look at this story, Jesus arrives.
Why?
Why is this such good news? There was such hype around his coming and his arrival.
And so often in the Christmas season, I was always just stuck on, "Oh, Jesus came."
This is good and it was worth the celebration it was worth getting together
but why? and i think it points to the reason we really need to be excited and that's the cross.
the very pinnacle of why he came to earth in the first place to initiate restoration of a relationship that was broken.
If Jesus doesn't come, our sins are not paid for. And that means the consequences of our mistakes.
are merited and
Unavoidable. It means that we don't have the perfect example.
Of how a life lived on earth can be lived in the original intended fullness.
we wouldn't have access to intimacy with the Father. we wouldn't be empowered by the Holy Spirit and wouldn't have knowledge that we are adopted into the family of God. we wouldn't have access to intimacy with the Father.
wouldn't know there is a hope, right?
Because of the gift for humanity that cost Jesus everything and us.
Nothing.
It's so vitally important that Paul, when he writes to the Corinthians, says, "When I came to you, I decided to know nothing but Christ and him crucified."
Why is because this is where there is hope.
This is where the hope lies. So how does Jesus' arrival change our stories today, change our lives here?
It's infinitely important. Him coming as a baby, as a human, is so important. Not just because we have a calendar day off or a really amazing reason to get together with family, friends, exchange.
Exchange gifts or whatever your tradition might be.
But he changes our lives.
we go from isolated to inhabited by the presence of God we have access to the father who is incredibly relational we're forgiven when we ask for more
Ask for it. And that guilt and shame that sometimes we walk around with is gone. It's gone.
We are part of his family and we know that because he sent his Holy Spirit as evidence of that. We are loved even when it feels like no human in the world.
Woman in the world loves us.
"We can know God. We're no longer dead in our sins, but alive in Christ. And because we are loved, we can love our enemies. And instead of just
Of judging the world.
We know that we are innocent.
In the eyes of God.
And the lifeless things and activities that we spend so much time chasing after to attain that don't bring anything are transformed into
In our passions for him and his presence.
We will see the spiritually, the emotionally, the physically sick people healed.
And we are a part of his mission to redeem and restore the world. And we have a promise that we know because the Messiah would suffer and rise from the dead on the third day and run.
And repentance for forgiveness of sins would be proclaimed in his name.
to all the nations. This is the breaking news of Christmas.
To the world, the cross might be nothing, a small, insignificant part.
of of history but those who follow Jesus it is
Everything.
soul,
Then,
Let me ask you a question in light of all this as I end.
How does this easily missed?
Breaking news of Christmas
Affect your life today
How does this change you now?
How could this change your life?
Today.
Let me pray.
Father in heaven, thank you for sending your son, Jesus Christ.
To come and to pay for
The price of our sin, our mistakes.
So that we might be transformed, so that we might have intimacy with you to fix the relationship that was broken.
Since the beginning.
So that we could come to actually know you.
Not just about you.
Thank you for these kids, for the staff members and the volunteers, everybody.
Who gave their time
To tell this wonderful, amazing story of this breaking news.
Of Christmas.
And that this news.
I pray.
The gospel message would
Change our lives.
So we come in an act of surrender obedience, Lord, to have your will done in our lives as it is in heaven.
We pray this in the name of Jesus.
Amen.